Quit with the overstatements!

The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that "everyone" is going to "love" the food, decor and service. The truth is, in my and my dining partners' experience, this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food. It's an entirely up and down experience, however. Now, the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal. The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you). Though they are mostly excellent, you generally don't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them. That being said, the laffa and hummus are out of this world. Then again, for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers (and yes, those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three-person order). Dinner was also an up-and-down experience. The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot-on, while the lamb was often dry and/or overcooked. The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments. Dessert was... hmmm, that's interesting, I don't even remember dessert. I guess that tells you a lot. Oh, yes, the chocolate semifreddo was quite good. The warm chocolate cake was very tasty, but served at room temperature, not warm by any stretch of the imagination. And my--no, I still don't remember what I had. Service was average, but nothing special, and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not merely capable. Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests (and as the many golden reviews seem to attest), we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience. But one should not go here expecting something fantastic, unless perhaps you've never had middle-eastern food before, or succulent duck, tasty lamb, decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts. PS) When we called for a reservation, we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings. When we arrived at 5, and left circa 7, there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us. Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience?
