MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store.

At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses. They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses. I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model (by looking the dress up online). So, as I was leaving I asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks. They said they were "unable to tell me until they ordered my dress". Hmmm... A person cannot call a company, if you have no idea its name (since the designer is unknown... SUPPOSEDLY), and order a gown without a dress name or style number. Do other brides fall for this??? They either: a) don't want to give it to me because they don't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b) are recreating the dresses themselves (ie STEALING other designers' dress designs and "filling the orders" by their own seamstresses). I'm no detective but... uhh... seriously?!? Whatever type of operation they are running, I'm not interested and if you're smart, you won't be either. What a waste of TIME. Aside from that little *mystery*, one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on. Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on. My point: Even if I was wrong, don't sit there and argue with the customer. Say something like, "Huh. I didn't think so but you could be right." Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere. Seriously: do not waste your time. Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners. Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service. I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life.
