AWFUL SERVICE!

After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past, I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location. I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire. I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you don't see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all other Sear's use). Once inside, I had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes before--FINALLY-- a technician got to me. Once I returned to pick up my car, you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting. I had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this wasn't possible. Once I actually got back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel. OK, one bad experience...fine. The following Friday, I returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn. I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else. Once again, I waited for quite a bit before being attended to. I got the order completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about $40 less than I expected. He said it was the same tire, and verified this, after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week. However, when he printed out the service quote, I could see that it was NOT the correct tire, and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model. So I pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock. Ok--fine. So I got just my other rear tire replaced. They promised it'd be done within an hour, so I waited in the lobby. Over two hours later (and ten minutes before they closed) my car was finally finished. A few minutes after I left, I was called and informed that "I" left my wheel lock (which they should have left in the car). Of course, they would be closing in 5 minutes, so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day. Of course I couldn't make it back in time (and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minutes to wait for me). The next day, no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in. Of course, they couldn't call him either to ask about it because apparently they don't keep their employees' phone numbers (riiight), so I would have to return on Monday (driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat). On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do to find anyone who knew anything about it. Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening, but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal. The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of management that I could see. I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car).
