Lots of rules, phantom innkeeper, last minute price was worth it.

I called the "207" number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up. I then called the 800 number (which was answered) and inquired about last minute rates. They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked. The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor, but they put us on the 3rd. The email confirmation (which I read in the car) warned about large suitcases, declaring that we are innkeepers, not longshoreman. In other words, they do not help with suitcases, but they promise totes to help. However upon our arrival no one there (the inn was open). So no totes. Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3M, no exceptions. Then she was gone. We returned after 3PM, found no one there, and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room. Rules in the room: #1) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash. If they think you've taken a soda from your room home with you, they will charge you $1.50 per can. They count the cans in the trash to make sure. #2) If you take the shampoo products home, they will charge you $8 per item. #) If you want a late checkout, (after 11 AM) they charge you $15 for the first hour, $25 for the second hour, and after 2PM it's a full day charge. #4) Breakfast is 8AM to 10AM. No earlier and no later. If you go later, it's all cleaned up. (By whom, I don't know. I never saw anyone there. All these rules are posted in the rooms.) Snacks: uninspired bread, tea backs, and individual coffee things for a machine that didn't exist. I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee. No wine glasses. Room was clean, but had a weird, dated, sink/stove combo that didn't work. Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems. No tub. The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads, but only one worked. Don't get the rooms off the two kitchens. They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything. Free parking. I'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $99, but I wouldn't pay their rack rate.
